Meals to be eaten downstairs (#1)
gilescope/HouseRules: README.md

# Guests

Please say Hi and Bye when you're coming and going to those downstairs / garden.

# Parties

Please ask permission of anyone living at the house before hand. Avoiding Sun-Thur night.
Tidy up afterwards including bedding and food crumbs - this is especially important because of the dog

# Food

Meals to be eaten downstairs.

> If crockery (plates / mugs) in rooms these need to be brought downstairs to the kitchen in mornings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If crockery (plates / mugs) are in rooms these need to be brought downstairs to the kitchen the following morning.
```
